Clarify: No need for calico for network policies (#1081)
k3d-io/k3d: docs/usage/advanced/calico.md

# Use Calico instead of Flannel

> Note: k3s comes with a controller that enforces network policies by default. You do not need to switch to Calico for network policies to be enforced. See <https://github.com/k3s-io/k3s/issues/1308> for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! info "Network Policies"
    k3s comes with a controller that enforces network policies by default. You do not need to switch to Calico for network policies to be enforced. See <https://github.com/k3s-io/k3s/issues/1308> for more information.  
    The docs below assume you want to switch to Calico's policy engine, thus setting `--disable-network-policy`.
```
